add(open-source): Angular Spotify (#443)
aniftyco/awesome-tailwindcss: README.md

- [SapperCommerce](https://github.com/itswadesh/sapper-ecommerce) - E-commerce storefront using Svelte & Tailwind CSS.
- [Misiki Books](https://github.com/itswadesh/misiki-books) - Book shop using Vue + Moltin + Tailwind CSS.
- [Ubuntu 20.04](https://github.com/vivek9patel/vivek9patel.github.io) - An Ubuntu desktop using React.js + Tailwind CSS.

> - [Angular Spotify](https://github.com/trungk18/angular-spotify) - Spotify client built with Angular, Nx Workspace and TailwindCSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Angular Spotify](https://github.com/trungk18/angular-spotify) - Spotify client built with Angular, Nx Workspace and Tailwind CSS.
```

Author: @innocenzi thank you! good catch. I pushed the update.
